In this lecture,
we're going to start to really build the tour overview page.
And remember, that this is how
the overview page looks like right now.
So it doesn't have any real content,
and so that's what we're gonna add in this video.
So we're here in this root route, and so again,
that's where the overview will be, okay?
So in our view router,
it is then of course this route, okay?
And so the controller that is in charge
of rendering this page is the getoverview controller, okay?
And so let's first go to here,
and lay out the steps that we're going to take
in order to render this page.
So, the first thing that we need to do
is to actually get all the tour data
from our collection, right?
So get tour data
from collection.
Then second, we're going to build our template
and we're not going to do that here
in this controller function of course.
But, let's still write it here.
So, build template, and then finally render that template,
using the tour data from step one.
So, starting with the first step here
get the tour data from the collection,
that means then of course
we first need to actually import the tour model.
So, that's something that we already did
a lot of times before.
That's actually one level up,
and then in models.
and tour model.
And then we're also going to need
or catchAsync function,
because then of course
this get overview will become an asynchronous function.
All right, so let's mark this one as async.
We now also need next here in order to make
the catchAsync function actually work.
Okay, and so I hope that now you actually
start to see the value of us having built
all the api stuff and all the codes that we
have did up to this point, so that all we need to do now
is to really plug all these pieces together, okay?
So, we already know now how to do all of this stuff.
We already have our tour model working correctly.
So now all of this is very easy.
So const tours is equal to await.
So again, nothing new at this point.
And find, all of them basically, all right?
And now what are we actually going to do
with this tours data?
Well, we're going to have to paste all this tour data
into the template, so that in there we can actually use
and display it on the website, right?
And so, that's actually very easy to do.
All we need to do is to put it here in this object
that is going to get pasted into the overview template
in this case, okay?
So, very easy, all we need to say is tours.
So, that's the same as tours equals to tours
and again you already know that starting with ES 6
it's enough to do it like this.
Great, so whenever there is now a request
for the overview page, so basically our homepage
of our dynamically rendered website, all the tour data
will be retrieved from our database here
and then that data will get pasted into our template.
And so now all we need to do
is to actually build that template, right?
So let's move over to overview.pug.
Here we can actually get rid of this h1 placeholder here.
And, now I want to take a look actually
at the static html file here again.
So, that's in the public folder,
and then overview.html, okay?
So, we already built the header
in one of the previous lectures
and so now it's time to build that part here.
Now, when we first built the template,
I actually had it wrong in my html file
and I had section class overview,
but in your starter file you should have had
this main with the class main.
And, so I believe in your file there's actually
a small text explaining that, okay?
But, anyway, we actually deleted that part
from our base template.
So, remember that,
that here in the content we actually have no html.
So that main element that in the html
is right now, nowhere to be found.
And so now we need that in our overview, okay?
So, let's create this part of the html in the overview
because after that we then have all these repeating cards.
So, let's take a look at that as well
before copying the code.
So, you see that we have these cards here
and so basically, each of these cards,
so each of these elements here,
is what I call one card.
And, so basically we're going to have nine cards.
So, these nine cards on this overview page.
And it's nine cards because right now we have nine tours,
but of course, it could be less
or more of these cards, right?
But anyway, what's important to note here
is that these cards actually repeat themselves
over and over again.
So we have this huge card element here.
And so there's the first one,
and then there are many equal repeating elements afterwards.
Okay?
And so, actually I went ahead and created a pug template
for this card only,
so that we don't have to write it manually now
and waste a bunch of time doing that, all right?
So that would just make the course unnecessary long
and so I decided to create this template beforehand
for us to use now.
Now of course if you want to practice your pug skills
a bit more, then just feel free to pause the video
at this point and then translate all of this code into pug.
All right?
And when you're done, you can then come back.
But now I will actually go ahead and use that template.
And that's here in dev data and then templates
and tour cards template, okay?
And so that's the entire card for one card,
basically translated to pug code, okay?
So let's copy all of that,
put it here in the overview, okay?
And then let's keep in mind, that before that,
we also need this main and this card container
so let's just copy this as well.
So just here as a reference,
so that we can now write main main
and in there we have a dev called card container.
Okay?
And then as the name says, that container
is going to contain the card.
So now let's indent this, because right now
it's not really inside of the card container.
So right now it would be inside of main
but that's not what we want.
And so, I select everything and hit tab.
I hit tab again, and so now we see
it's at the correct level.
It's inside of the card container.
But actually it's still not 100% correct
because this element
should also be inside of the card element.
And for some reason, copying this template
from one file to the other,
kinda messed this code up a little bit.
And so be careful with that when you paste the code
around like this.
So in our original template, it was all correct
as you see, but then when we copied it,
it kind of messed up.
So, let's close that.
We can actually also close this,
we don't need it anymore, and in fact,
also the base template and the tour template.
So we're only working with the overview now.
And so right now we have this one card here.
And now as you see, it's also a completely static card.
So it doesn't yet use the data
that we pasted into the template, right?
So it has this static image, it has all of this text here,
and it doesn't use the variable at all.
Okay, because that part, I actually wanted
to do together with you.
Because in fact that is the most important part.
So creating all of this template like this
is not difficult and what really matters
is how to actually fill it up with data, okay?
And so that's what we're going to do next.
But for now let's take a look
at how this looks like right now.
Then keep in mind that we should only have one card,
and not nine, okay?
Because again, we have only one static card element
at this point.
Reload this, and that doesn't look so right.
So, let's try to figure out what's going on here.
So we have our main element as we created,
then we have our card container as well.
But then for some reason,
there is a main in there again.
Umm ah okay, I of course need to delete
this original html element that we have there.
So, let's try that again.
And now, now that looks better, okay?
Now the image here is still missing
but never mind about that for now.
What's important is that we got
this nice looking card here, okay?
Now, the thing is that of course we want
to have one card for each of the tours, right?
And so basically, what we want to do now
is to loop through that tours array that we pasted
into the template, right?
So, basically this tours variable.
And keep in mind, that this is an array
because it contains multiple tour documents in it.
And so let's now loop over this array
and create one card for each of the tour documents, okay?
And luckily, that's very easy to do in pug
because basically pug comes with built in loops, okay?
And so now we can do
each tour in tours, okay?
And so tours here is the variable that we pasted in
and then in each iteration
the current variable will be called tour.
We could call it x or x y z or whatever
but it makes sense to just call it tour, okay?
And so in each iteration what comes then in there
is what will be printed basically.
So this again needs to be indented one more level.
So that basically it is inside
of this loop declaration here.
Great, so let's see how that looks like now.
And so we should now get nine identical cards.
And indeed, that's exactly what happened, all right?
Now of course this data here
is still not created dynamically.
And that is actually exactly what we're going
to fix in the next video.